Update CHANGELOG and remove unreleased entries (#1528)
informalsystems/ibc-rs: CHANGELOG.md

### BUG FIXES

> - Fix for client state clock drift ([#1445](https://github.com/informalsystems/ibc-rs/issues/1445)):

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Fix for "new header has a time from the future" chain error which would arise due to clock drift ([#1445](https://github.com/informalsystems/ibc-rs/issues/1445)):
```

  * Added new config param `max_block_time` to prevent the problem for appearing in newly-created clients.
  * Added a synchronous waiting in client update logic to allow destination chain to reach a new height
    before submitting a client update message.

> - Fix for packet timeout computation 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Ensure Hermes does not send timeouts for packets that have not expired yet
```
